Pouta check (#403)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/cloud/pouta/additional-services.md

smtp.pouta.csc.fi:25
```

The server does not require authentication.

When sending e-mail, you need a valid _Sender_ address in your e-mails,
such as your university e-mail address, since this will be validated by
the SMTP server. Please note that this is a different e-mail header
attribute from the _From_ attribute.

If you want to set up any services on cPouta that generate a large
amount of SMTP traffic (e.g. public mailing lists), please contact
the CSC Service Desk to coordinate this.

## DNS services in cPouta

cPouta does not currently offer integrated name service management.

All our floating IPs are mapped to a default hostname, for example

```
vm0120.kaj.pouta.csc.fi
```

To use your own DNS name for your virtual machine, simply configure
your own DNS server to point the domain name to the floating IP that
the virtual machine is using.

For most services, these forward DNS records are enough. Some services
also require reverse DNS lookups to work. This means that we have to
configure our DNS server to say that the floating IP you are using
resolves to the domain name you are using.

You can request reverse DNS mappings.

- Point the DNS name to the server you want.

> - Send a mail to cloud-support@csc.fi with the IP/hostname pair

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send a mail to servicedesk@csc.fi with the IP/hostname pair
```
Our new standard is all mail goes via servicedesk

 you want to be mapped. Also send the UUID on the virtual machine
 it should be mapped to. You do not need to send a mail if the
 floating IP is moved to another machine, as long as the domain
 info for the floating IP still is correct.
- When you no longer need the mapping, please contact

>  cloud-support@csc.fi so we can remove the reverse DNS entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 servicedesk@csc.fi so we can remove the reverse DNS entry.
```
